>> DAVID MCKENZIE IN CAPE TOWN.
>> THIS IS CNN IN ISRAEL,
DOZENS OF HOSTAGE FAMILIES SAY
THEY ARE LIVING THROUGH
UNBEARABLE AGONY,
>> STILL WAITING FOR NEWS.
THEIR LOVED ONES HELD INSIDE
GAZA MANY HAVE GROWN FRUSTRATED
WITH THE ISRAELI GOVERNMENT
SAYING IT ISN'T DOING ENOUGH TO
FREE THEIR LOVED ONES CNN CHIEF
INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT
CLARISSA WARD SPOKE TO SOME
EXHAUSTED MOTHERS WHO SAY,
THEY'LL NOT STOP FIGHTING
UNTIL THE CHILDREN ARE HOME
>> IN ISRAEL'S PARLIAMENT LAST
WEEK, ANGER BOILING OVER YOU
WILL NOT SIT HERE WHILE THEY
DIE THERE. THIS MAN SHOUTS THE
FAMILY MEMBERS OF THE HOSTAGES
IN GAZA STORMING INTO A SESSION
AT THE KNESSET SAYING ENOUGH IS
ENOUGH MIRA OF GONEN WAS NEVER
POLITICAL. NOW, SHE'S A REGULAR
HERE, PUSHING LAWMAKERS TO DO
WHATEVER IT TAKES TO BRING HER
21 YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER, ROMI, AND
THE OTHER THERE ARE 131
HOSTAGES HOME.
>> WE SAW
>> THESE INCIDENTS RECENTLY
HERE AT THE KNESSET, WERE
FAMILY MEMBERS WERE SHOUTING
POLITICIAN
>> THIS IS THE FRUSTRATION.
PEOPLE WHEN THEY'RE IN FEAR
AND FRUSTRATION, IT'S VERY
DIFFICULT TO BE RESTRAINED
SOME. OF US MAY CRY MORE.
MAYBE, YOU KNOW, CLOSE INSIDE
AND SOME OF US JUST NEED TO
SHOUT IT OUT. AND I'LL SHOUT
SHOUTING IS SOMETHING. THIS
KNESSET SHOULD BE ABLE TO
CONTAIN ALSO, BECAUSE IT'S TOO
LONG
>> AND YOU'LL TALLY SHAUL SHAY
LESION TOAL IS FIGHTING TO
DELIVERING A FORCEFUL REBUKE TO
ISRAEL'S WAR CABINET AT A
PRESS CONFERENCE LAST MONTH THE
SECOND NIGHT, LOOK US IN THE
EYES.
>> IT'S OUR CHILDREN, OUR
FAMILIES. SHE SAYS, WHERE ARE
YOU WHERE ARE YOU
>> SHELLEY'S
>> 21 YEAR-OLD SON, OMER, WAS
WORKING AS A WAITER, SAVING
MONEY TO TRAVEL THE WORLD WHEN
HE WAS DEDUCTED AT THE
SUPERNOVA MUSIC FESTIVAL IS
>> HE'S AVOIDED YBODY
WANTS TO BE NEAR HIM NOBODY
LOVES HIM HE LOVES TO LOVE WHO
LOVED MUSIC
>> ON SATURDAY NIGHT, SHE
ATTENDED A RALLY FOR THE
HOSTAGES AND SHE DOES EVERY
WEEK, EXHAUSTED AND FRUSTRATED,
BUT UNDETERRED IN HER QUEST TO
BRING ALMERE HOME
>> I DON'T KNOW IF YOU ARE
AMANDA. I AM SO TRY TO IMAGINE,
TRY TO IMAGINE THAT YOUR SON
WENT TO A FESTIVAL THE ONLY ONE
YOU CAN CALL YOUR SON NOW TOO.
OH, HE'S YOU KNOW, WHERE YOU
SUDDENLY SLEEPING TONIGHT
>> IT, MUST BE AGONY
>> WHERE ARE WE ARE TIRED BUT
WE ARE DOING EVERYTHING. IT'S
OUR MISSION OF OUR LIFE TO
BRING MY SON BACK EVERYBODY WAS
STUCK IN.
>> DO YOU FEEL THAT ENOUGH?
NOW? IT'S BEING DONE DO YOU
FEEL SATISFIED WITH THE
RESPONSE
>> LISTEN, MY SON IS NOT AT
HOME EVERY DAY GETTING TO IS
ROOM AND HE'S STILL NOT THERE
IT'S ENOUGH, NO BUT ENOUGH.
IT'S NOT ENOUGH
>> OH, 115 DAYS INTO THIS